Let's continue development of our authentication service.
Now, I've got to be honest with you, in the next coming videos, a lot of the authentication stuff
we're going to put together is pretty boilerplate.
In other words, we're going to write out a lot of express and authentication related stuff that is
not necessarily related to microservices.
So you might be tempted to skip over a couple of these videos.
However, I would encourage you to watch them through, even if you are familiar with authentication,
because we are going to make one or two kind of interesting design decisions that are going to have
impacts on some of the other services we're going to build down the line.
So again, I do encourage you to stick around.
All right.
So what are we going to do in this video?
Well, inside of our index file, which is inside the auth service directory right now, we currently
have some very simple code.
We're creating our express application and one route handler.
The first thing that we're going to make very consistent around all of the different services we end
up creating, is going to be our file and folder structure.
So we're going to end up creating all of our different route handlers inside their own separate files
so each handler gets its own separate file.
So in other words, we are not going to create anything like this right here inside of our index file
at the root of our project.
Instead, we're going to create a separate file to set up a route handler like this.
Again, there's not a particular microservices reason for doing this is just a convention I came up
with.
I decided made a lot of sense in this course to keep our code really, really organized.
So inside my RC directory, I'm going to make a new folder called Roots, and then inside there I'm
going to create one file for each route handler that I expect to create.
In total, I think we need four separate route handlers, one for sign up, sign in, sign out and current
user.
So I'm going to create those four separate files inside of this roots directory.
I'm going to first create a new file called Sign In.
It's.
I'll do another one called sign outs.
A third of sign up dates.
And then finally current dash user, you'll notice I put a dash in here even though the route is just
current user by itself.
So this could be a current user could be current dash user.
I leave it up to you, but I'm going to go with dashes and all my file names.
Okay.
So there's our four separate files.
Each of these files are going to look very, very similar.
And each of them, we're going to set up a different route handler.
Now, the way that we're going to set up these route handlers might be a little bit different than what
you're used to seeing.
If you're used to seeing Express and working with Express in this fashion right here, that's not quite
what we're going to do.
We're going to do something just ever so slightly different.
So let's go and put together an equivalent route handler for current user.
I'm going to go back over to the current user file and then at the very top I'm going to import in Express
from Express.
I will then create something called a router.
I'll say express router.
And then finally I'm going to say Router Doggett and the same route we just put together a moment to
go so API users parent user.
And then finally at the bottom, I'll do an export.
Of Ruiter as.
Current user router.
The structure that you see right here is what we're going to be doing inside of all of our different
root files.
We're going to import Express.
We're going to set up a router, which is an object that we can use to associate routes with.
And then at the very bottom, we're going to export that router and as we do, we're going to rename
it at the same time.
The reason we are renaming that export with this router as current user router is that we're going to
end up with many different routers inside of our application.
And so they can't all be called router.
They have to be called something different.
So we're going to do a little renaming step down here at the bottom.
Well, then save this file.
And I want to show you how we're going to associate this router with our express application back inside
of the index file.
So I'm going to go back over to indexes.
I'm going to delete that existing root handler because we've now moved it into a separate file.
At the top.
I'm going to import.
Current user router from.
Roots aren't user.
And then to associate that router object with our app, we will write out app dot use current user router
like so.
So everything that we just wrote between that current user file right here and this line right here
and that line right there, we're going to repeat throughout the rest of this course many, many times,
once for every single different route handler we put together.
I want to just tell you really quickly, there's no particular reason that we're creating a router over
here.
We're not really going to have any one off middleware or anything like that.
We're not going to really have groups of roots or anything like that.
I just decided that creating a router object kind of made this code look very easy to understand and
nice.
We could just as easily just export a plain function and then associate those functions with our app
back inside the index file.
At the end of the day, there are a tremendous number of different ways we can associate routes with
an express application.
So I just chose one right here that I thought made sense to me on this project.
If it doesn't look familiar, that's totally okay.
I'm pretty sure that you're going to be able to understand what's going on here really, really quickly.
So now that we've got a good idea of how we're going to write out all of our different route handlers
across all these different projects, let's continue with our authentication service in the next video.